Sophia Baxter
 

This interactive map is a visual summary created using ThingLink. It represents my highlights from freshman year before COVID 19 and being sent home, August 2019 - March 2020. Not only were these some of my first memories at Christopher Newport University, they continue to be some of the best ones I have made in college. The experiences that I chose for this project show how CNU has resembled a safe and happy place of growth for me.This ThingLink is composed of the top 10 best memories before being sent home, and the current locations of where they took place. You can see my ThingLink below. 
<iframe width="960" height="729.2193308550186" data-original-width="1614" data-original-height="1226" src="https://www.thinglink.com/card/1499041100499779586" type="text/html" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen scrolling="no"></iframe><script async src="//cdn.thinglink.me/jse/responsive.js"></script>

	I knew right away that I wanted to focus on the topic of, “best memories across campus” throughout one of the best parts of my college experience, freshman year. Centering in on the happy times instead of the negative ones was an important aspect of my decision making process. It can be especially difficult to stay optimistic in a time with so much uncertainty. Hopefully, through creating a ThingLink to document the main positive memories and experiences I have had at CNU, it will spark an interest in readers to think about their own positive CNU stories and how these have shaped their overall journey in pursuing higher education. 

In the future when I think back on my time attending CNU, I want to remember it for all of the experiences that I was able to participate in, and not all of the opportunities that were lost to the pandemic. While walking around campus, I had the best time reliving them and reconnecting with the people from these events. The process of gathering data allowed me to see these benefits, while also strengthening the memories themselves.

I started my process of creating with ThingLink, by first getting to know the software and understanding how to add hyperlinks, upload images and videos, and create and maneuver icons across the map. Then, I started matching the memories that I brainstormed from class, to the locations that they occurred around CNU. This step was relatively easy to figure out and I thought I did this in a very efficient manner. The videos took a while to format correctly. I chose the icon symbols based on which represented each topic, such as, a picnic basket for the farmers market and a house for the Greek memories.

Gathering data has been a very extensive and tedious process. This required going through all of the photos on my camera roll and other social media platforms to find images and relevant information in regards to the events chosen. The emotions I felt strongest throughout this step were bittersweet and nostalgic. I am someone who attempts to document everything that they may want to be reminded of later. Looking through each memory and realizing that I am over halfway finished with my college experience has been a shocking and surreal quest. 

Aside from the emotion filled journey, I did have some difficulties with my data collection step. I originally wanted to integrate my past photos/ videos with seeing where the current locations are. My cellphone was set to take photos and videos through a format that was not compatible with the ThingLink program. Since I took most of my current videos and picture data the day that class was dedicated to this, I had to retake all of this data since it was created in the wrong format (.MOV instead of .JPEG). Many of the older images and videos had similar issues so I added both where I could, and if it was not compatible I did my best to have one or the other as a digital representation. 

ThingLink’s software was relatively easy to use and allowed the ability to visualize and interact with memories in a new way. This project allowed me to relive and reinterpret some of the best times I have had in my life. Being able to have an in-person freshman year was something that I definitely took for granted at the time. Now that we have hopefully been through the thickest parts of the pandemic, the idea of normalcy/ pre-covid interactions sounds like a miracle. Each icon represented on my map is a significant event or memory. 
 




